LICENSE:

This program  is  being provided to "you",   the licensee,  by Alistair
Conkie, the "author",  under the following  license,  which applies to
any  program  or other work   which contains a   notice placed  by the
copyright holder saying it may be distributed under  the terms of this
license. The "program", below, refers to any such program or work.

By  obtaining, using and/or copying  this program, you  agree that you
have  read,    understood, and   will  comply   with  these  terms and
conditions:

Terms and conditions for the distribution of the program
--------------------------------------------------------

This program may not be sold or incorporated into any product which is
sold without prior permission from the author. 

When no charge  is made, this  program may  be copied and  distributed
freely, provided that  this   notice is copied and  distributed   with
it. Each time you redistribute  the program (or  any work based on the
program), the  recipient  automatically receives   a license from  the
original licensor  to copy or distribute the  program subject to these
terms and conditions.  You may not impose  any further restrictions on
the recipients'  exercise  of the rights  granted  herein. You are not
responsible  for  enforcing  compliance   by  third parties   to  this
License.

If you wish to incorporate the program  into other free programs whose
distribution conditions are different, write to the  author to ask for
permission.

If,  as a consequence  of a   court judgment or  allegation of  patent
infringement or  for any other  reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are  imposed on you (whether by   court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this license, they do not
excuse you   from  the conditions of   this   license.  If  you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
license and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute   the program at all.   For  example, if  a  patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the program by
all those who receive copies directly or  indirectly through you, then
the only way  you could satisfy  both it and this  license would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the program.

Terms and conditions on the use of the program
----------------------------------------------

Permission is  granted  to use    this software for    non-commercial,  
non-military purposes.

Disclaimer
----------

THIS  SOFTWARE CARRIES NO   WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.  THE  USER
ASSUMES ALL   RISKS, KNOWN  OR   UNKNOWN,  DIRECT OR  INDIRECT,  WHICH 
INVOLVE  THIS SOFTWARE  IN ANY  WAY. IN   PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR  DOES
NOT TAKE ANY  COMMITMENT IN VIEW OF ANY  POSSIBLE THIRD  PARTY RIGHTS. 


Note to the user:

		  1) you need PERL to execute the script
		  2) your also need the mbrola binary corresponding to your
platform
		  3) just as the ES1 diphone database for Spanish

check on http://tcts.fpms.ac.be/synthesis

When you have all those elements, tune the paths at the beginning of
the ttp program, in the  $mbrola_cmd variable. You can directly use
the audio output if you have an equivallent program of AUDIOPLAY.

AUTHOR
 
Alistair Conkie (adc@cstr.ed.ac.uk)
 
If you find this program useful and use it to help generate a rule set I
would be interested in adding your rule set to the distribution.
